you
you don't know what love is you also
know for sure that you will never be in
love I'm dumbfounded we're making a
documentary about Charlene and love your
love glass is half-full so we're gonna
go on the road we're gonna talk to
people hear their stories you guys like
driving around a Winnebago
it's like road rules using something
like the love is not here it's going on
right up here what's the perfect date
pace up out in the alpha phase and get
them hot wing but he is filming a
documentary what is it about well I
don't believe in love
will this be in the movie this theme
Holly not cool awesome I'm pretty
interested in Charlene
she's pretty fascinating please even
know me how could you like me deal
around here
I don't tell you where
just okay I can look it up look what's
on it in your ass someone you do that
probably we've made an agreement that
we're gonna have to start filming
everything because their relationship is
definitely part of the movie now what
are you gonna get I'm gonna get the
Mexican beach salad I want to say that
to the waiter he'll look at me and think
oh this guy gets around
we feel this euphoria when we're falling
in love I feel off on him
anything like an arm around each other
or kiss or anything this is fun it's not
easy I'm having a conversation when you
know someone's gonna be watching it and
listening the moment we've met
everything's under a magnifying glass go
go go okay
all right so your love she got your
mouth
Oh